Olivia Hye: It's self-camera!
Olivia Hye: ViVi is eating a plum!
ViVi: Well.. it tastes like....not so good
ViVi: Anyway, I was very surprised that you ran so fast!
Yves: Okay, then I'm not going to eat it!
Chuu: I couln't catch up her!
Yves: You did a great job, too!
Yves: You took the second place!
(No.2's ceremony!)
Yves: You know, we all are athletic, right?
Chuu: Absolutely!
Yves: For example, I'm confident about running~
Yves: And Chuu is good at... ssireum
*Ssireum is Korean wrestling
Chuu: Oh, come on!!!!
Yves: And you looks like...
(She's ready to crack a joke)
Yves: You'd be good at shot puts!
(Yvesmile)
Yves: And you'd grab a ball and would be like 'woo~'
Yves: ViVi, they told that It's time to stanby, fighting!
Yves: Say 'fighting' to the camera!
(The oldest, but the cutest!)
Yves: ViVi looks like she'd be good at archery
Yves: but only look great!
(Yves even making jokes on the oldest member!)
Olivia Hye: Go Won, what are you doing?
Yves: Against the light
Go Won: Can you see my face even though it's against the light?
(Anyway she's fine at the passenger seat!)
Yves: Then, bye!